Added Abstract and Zusammenfassung (#38)
smartinizer/documentation: special/abstract.tex

\chapter*{Abstract}
This project deals with the development of a framework to integrate existing technical devices, which do not have smart connectivity, into a smart home system.

> To achieve this, a library for the microcontroller ESP32 was developed, which manages different firmwares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, a library for the microcontroller ESP32 in the Arduino framework was developed, with which smart functions can be easily realized.
```

> To achieve this, a library for the microcontroller ESP32 was developed, which manages different firmwares.

Author: ```suggestion
To achieve this, a library for the microcontroller ESP32 was developed, which manages different firmwaren.
```
